Haha!
Well, Ms. Sparrow, I have to admit, I've always
envied your bird's eye view.
But with these hooves of mine, I think I'm
better off on the ground.
Mermaids?
Are you sure you're not confusing reality
with "The Little Mermaid" movie?
Absolutely!
And I suppose it's best to stick to what we
know best.
I'll leave the flying to you, Sparrow, and
the deep-sea adventures to you, Squid.
Hahaha! It's settled then!
The Deer, the Sparrow, and the Squid, each
ruling their own domain.
Who would have thought we'd become the most
unique trio in the animal kingdom?
Well, as long as we stick together, we'll
always have a good laugh.
Who knows what other adventures await us?